welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six episode
five it's an episode about
dwight and sherry enjoying their forever
honeymoon after finally finding each
other a few episodes ago sherry walks
off and wait weird noises where'd she go
oh dwight's kidnapped by creepy dudes in
masks these guys are living in a drained
community pool and turns out cherie is
with them
she's like yo dwight i was about to tell
you didn't realize they were going to
kidnap you these are a bunch of new
friends i made in fact they're mostly
outcasts from virginia's settlement who
you know are being hunted down their
main goal is to kill virginia and they
know where the swat truck's going to be
they want to blow it up but they've got
al here too she's like yo that used to
be my truck first of all please don't
blow it up and second of all that swat
truck is tough this dynamite won't do
anything so instead of blowing it up
they're gonna steal it yes it's fast and
furious walking dead edition for idiotic
reasons they're sending the swat truck
on a refueling mission alone
with just the driver guarding it and he
is super enough to waste all his ammo
when he clearly can't hit them but
besides that it's a cool action scene as
dwight jumps onto it gets in there
indiana joneses this guy right out when
they go to pick him up turns out someone
else already got him it is new epic
cowboy
morgan this new group's like yo we got
the swat truck now let's bust in there
and take virginia out but morgan's like
yo a lot of our people are still inside
if we fail like virginia will kill them
he tells them about the hidden valley
they got he's like yo let's go hide out
there we'll rescue the rest of our
people one by one and then we'll take on
virginia but dwight and sherry have a
talk she's like yo waiting's not the
answer we gotta act now and he's like
alright baby i'm with you so the next
day they interrogate the truck driver to
find out where virginia will be
they threaten him with their scary pet
dog and dwight's going full
interrogation mode
just like he used to be a bad guy under
negan morgan busts in to put a stop to
it he's like yo dwight i thought you
weren't that person anymore we're all on
redemption arcs here on fear they really
didn't need this guy's info anyway
because of course dwight and al are
supposed to check in with virginia so
they check in with the superiors gonna
try to learn virginia into a trap
they're afraid alan morgan will try to
stop them so they lock them up for now
but then sherry's like hey lock up
dwight too
she's like yo dwighty thanks for the
support but i don't want you to have to
massacre people again like i'll do it
this time so a bunch of rangers show up
unfortunately virginia's not with them
but they can still take these guys out
but dwight breaks himself out goes to
stop sherry like hey
i don't want you to be a killer so
sherry lets them all go but she's pretty
mad at dwight he's like yo why do you
hate virginia so much anyway but she's
like look it's not about virginia i
don't even know her it comes back to
negan
yes finally addressing the negan
elephant in the room remember that was
their whole backstory and even though
virginia is much less scary than negan
was when he was bad it's still the same
kind of thing she's built this
authoritarian community where she rules
everyone and shari's like i feel bad i
didn't even try to stop negan back then
i'm going to help these people now take
out virginia dwight this is something i
need to do and to be honest i don't want
you here to be stopping me so
go on get out of here for now so dwight
now not going back to virginia's
settlement gonna join morgan in the
valley they execute dwight's exit plan
from a few episodes back where they find
some walkers that kind of look like them
dress them in their clothes and
mess up their faces a little so you
can't really tell they leave them on the
main road where virginia's rangers will
eventually find them so they fake their
deaths then they grab all the survivors
from the bubonic plague office building
like hey this is our friend morgan he's
got a secret hidden valley somewhere
let's go make a new life dwight leaves a
message for sherry like she was doing
for him forever honeymoon this way
and that's how the episode comes to an
end if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member